docs: fix broken link in readme (#398)
apify/crawlee-python: README.md

python -c 'import crawlee; print(crawlee.__version__)'
```

> For detailed installation instructions see the [Setting up](../master/docs/introduction/01-setting-up.mdx) documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed installation instructions see the [Setting up](https://crawlee.dev/python/docs/introduction/setting-up) documentation page.
```
